docs: Update ch14-01-contract-storage.md (#880)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch14-01-contract-storage.md

{{#rustdoc_include ../listings/ch14-building-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_01_reference_contract/src/lib.cairo:read_owner}}
```

> To read the value of the storage variable names, which is a mapping from `ContractAddress` to `felt252`, we call the `read` function on the entry obtained from `self.names.entry(address)`. The `entry` function is defined in the `StoragePathEntry` trait and returns a `StoragePath<Self::Value>`, which allows us to access the value associated with the specified key `address`. If the mapping had more than one key, we would similarly obtain entries for each key and call `read` on them as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read the value of the storage variable `names`, which is a mapping from `ContractAddress` to `felt252`, we first need to retrieve the entry path for the specific key in the mapping. We do this by calling the `entry` method on the `names` variable, passing in the `address` as a parameter. This gives us access to the specific entry in the mapping.
Once we have the entry path, we can then call the `read` function on it to retrieve the stored value. 
If the mapping had more than one key, we would chain multiple `entry` calls before the final `read`, passing in each key as a parameter.
```

suggestion for clarity: feel free to also improve. Overall, we want to keep things simple, and not refer to corelib internals too much

Author: Fixed in 154c8a9

{{#rustdoc_include ../listings/ch14-building-starknet-smart-contracts/listing_01_reference_contract/src/lib.cairo:write_owner}}
```

> In this second example, we need to pass `user` and `name` as arguments because `names` is a mapping, with `user` as the key and `name` as the value. To write the value, we call the `write` function on the entry obtained from `self.names.entry(user)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this second example, we're working with the `names` mapping, where `user` serves as the key and `name` as the value. First, we need to retrieve the storage entry path corresponding to the `user` key, just as we did when reading the value. Once we have this entry path, we can then call the `write` function on it, passing `name` as the value to be stored.
```

other suggestion, I think it's a but more explicit, as the proposed changes didn't really take into consideration the two-step process entry -> action

Author: Implemented changes in 154c8a9
